feat: Update docs to use Elixir's v1.0.0 version (#11315)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/integrate/_snippets/install-elixir.mdx

  api_key: "<ph_project_api_key>"
```

Optionally, you can pass in a `:json_library` key. The default JSON parser is Jason.

You'll also need to include the `posthog` application in your supervision tree. You can do this in two ways:

1. Add it to your `application` function:

```elixir
# mix.exs
def application do
  [
    extra_applications: [
      # ... your existing extra applications
      :posthog
    ]
  ]
end
```

2. Add it to your existing `MyApp.Application` module:

```elixir
# lib/my_app/application.ex
defmodule MyApp.Application do
  use Application

  def start(_type, _args) do
    children = [
      # ... your existing children
      {Posthog.Application, []}
    ]

    opts = [strategy: :one_for_one, name: MyApp.Supervisor]
    Supervisor.start_link(children, opts)
  end
end
```

> #### Development/Test mode
> 
> If you are running in development or test mode, you can pass in a `capture_disabled: false` value to the config.
> This will cause events to be dropped instead of sent to PostHog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Development mode

If you are running in development or test mode, you can pass in a `capture_disabled: false` value to the config. This causes events to be dropped instead of sent to PostHog.
```
